Update alerts-processing-rules.md (#123445)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-monitor/alerts/alerts-processing-rules.md

> [!NOTE]
> Alert processing rules were previously known as 'action rules'. For backward compatibility, the Azure resource type of these rules is still **Microsoft.AlertsManagement/actionRules** .

> Alert processing rules allow you to apply processing on fired alerts. Alert processing rules are different from alert rules. Alert rules generate new alerts and notify stakeholders (see [action groups](./action-groups.md)), while alert processing rules modify the fired alerts as they're being fired. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alert processing rules allow you to apply processing on fired alerts. Alert processing rules are different from alert rules. Alert rules generate new alerts that notify you when something happens, while alert processing rules modify the fired alerts as they're being fired to change the usual alert behavior.
```
